Add limitation and clarification (#498)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/main_concepts/documents.md

## Fields

> A document is composed of fields. A document must atleast contain one `primary key` field (see [primary key](/guides/main_concepts/documents.md#primary-key)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A document is composed of fields. A document must contain at least one `primary key` field (see [primary key](/guides/main_concepts/documents.md#primary-key)).
```
